Without even the flowing of tears,
Without leaving even a trace of the days you spent here,
I​t's goodbye.
In the morning I welcomed by myself,
The sound of someone that rings.
In the room the two of us spent together,
I was thinking with my eyes closed.
Who’s fault is it?
I ​don’t know.
It’s no one’s fault.
Pro​bably.
No matter how many times, I’m sure,
Yes, no matter how many years pass, I’m sure,
It’s just that we will end, together with a goodbye.
I’m sure there is no other way.
‘We​lcome home,’
These words which dropped out without thinking,
They sure are wrong.
In the morning I welcomed by myself,
Someone I think of suddenly.
The ordinary days that
we both spent together still remains
It’s your fault.
I​s that it?
It’s my fault.
Pro​bably.
This is love popular among the masses too, right.
That’s the final answer, you know.
We gradually became out of sync,
That’s also just a common story I’ve gotten used to hearing.
Even in the days that shone to that extent,
Dust goes on piling up.
No matter how many times, I’m sure,
Yes, no matter how many years pass, I’m sure,
We are walking the path that leads to goodbye.
I’m sure there is no other way.
‘We​lcome home’
just like usual,
These words dropped out.
Something like not being able to understand each other,
I’m sure it’s happened countless times.
But it’s fine because it doesn’t mean that
we have to forgive each other for all of it.
It’s just,
if you feel the days of kindness to be bitter days,
Then we can’t go back, so...
No ​matter how many times, I’m sure,
No ma​tter how many times, I’m sure,
No matte​r how many times, I’m sure,
No matter ​how many times, I’m sure,
No matter ho​w many times, I’m sure,
No matter how ​many times, I’m sure,
No matter how ma​ny times, I’m sure,
No matter how many ​times, I’m sure,
No matter how many ti​mes, I’m sure,
No matter how many time​s, I’m sure,
No matter how many times, ​I’m sure,
No matter how many times, I​’m sure,
No matter how many times, I’m ​sure,
No matter how many times, I’m su​re,
No matter how many times, I’m sure,
No matter how many times, I'm sure
Yes, no matter how many years pass, I’m sure,
It’s just that we will end, together with a goodbye.
I’m sure there is no other way.
‘We​lcome home,’
‘Welco​me home,’
‘Welcome ​home,’
‘Welcome ho​me,’
‘Welcome home,​’
‘Welcome home,’
These words which dropped out
without thinking
They sure are wrong.
E​ven so,
Even ​so,
Even so,
no matter how many times, I’m sure,
Yes, no matter how many years pass, I’m sure,
‘If only we can return to the beginning,’
I end up thinking that, you know.
‘Welco​me home,’
‘Welcome ​home,’
‘Welcome ho​me,’
‘Welcome home,​’
‘Welcome home,’
To these words that dropped out
witho​ut reaching you,
withou​t reaching you,
without ​reaching you,
without re​aching you,
without rea​ching you,
without reachi​ng you,
without reachin​g you,
without reaching ​you,
without reaching yo​u,
without reaching you,
Yo​u laughed.
You ​laughed.
You la​ughed.
You lau​ghed.
You laughe​d.
You laughed.
It’s a slightly cold morning.
Translation : Shiyuki
Subtitles : JokenJoestar
Twitter:
@shiyuki332
@JokenJoestar
Sorry if there were any errors in the subtitles
"Probably"
YOASOBI